url: https://thayer.github.io/engs50/
current word: Overview
current word: Engs
current word: CS
current word: Labs
current word: Notes
current word: Reading
current word: Resources
current word: Examples
current word: Overview
current word: In
current word: Engs
current word: you
current word: will
current word: learn
current word: how
current word: to
current word: design
current word: amp
current word: build
current word: large
current word: reliable
current word: maintainable
current word: and
current word: understandable
current word: software
current word: systems
current word: In
current word: the
current word: process
current word: you
current word: will
current word: learn
current word: to
current word: program
current word: in
current word: C
current word: with
current word: Unix
current word: development
current word: tools
current word: Let
current word: s
current word: break
current word: that
current word: down
current word: The
current word: objectives
current word: of
current word: this
current word: course
current word: are
current word: for
current word: you
current word: to
current word: learn
current word: software
current word: design
current word: principles
current word: good
current word: coding
current word: style
current word: and
current word: documentation
current word: debugging
current word: and
current word: testing
current word: design
current word: and
current word: coding
current word: with
current word: a
current word: team
current word: programming
current word: in
current word: C
current word: programming
current word: on
current word: Unix
current word: use
current word: of
current word: git
current word: for
current word: source
current word: code
current word: management
current word: The
current word: first
current word: few
current word: weeks
current word: of
current word: this
current word: course
current word: are
current word: a
current word: crash
current word: course
current word: in
current word: Unix
current word: and
current word: C
current word: Please
current word: be
current word: sure
current word: to
current word: follow
current word: the
current word: course
current word: coding
current word: style
current word: guide
current word: in
current word: all
current word: your
current word: C
current word: assignments
current word: Finally
current word: you
current word: ll
current word: join
current word: a
current word: team
current word: of
current word: other
current word: students
current word: to
current word: design
current word: build
current word: document
current word: and
current word: test
current word: a
current word: large
current word: software
current word: project
current word: your
current word: very
current word: own
current word: Search
current word: Engine
current word: Engs
current word: CS
current word: Dartmouth
current word: College
current word: This
current word: version
current word: of
current word: the
current word: course
current word: is
current word: based
current word: upon
current word: those
current word: designed
current word: by
current word: Professors
current word: Palmer
current word: Kotz
current word: Zhou
current word: Campbell
current word: and
current word: Balkcom
current word: I
current word: am
current word: deeply
current word: indebted
current word: to
current word: these
current word: outstanding
current word: educators
current word: Stephen
current word: Taylor
current word: This
current word: page
current word: was
current word: last
current word: updated
current word: on
current word: at
freeing url..freeing html..freeing page..